# The Mastery of English as a PhD Candidate

The mastery of English is a painful and troublesome thing for many students.
For the PhD candidates, English is not just a foreign language but also a vital
tool to complete their academic works. It is necessary and important to know
how to master the English well for every PhD candidate.

All the aspects of English learning should be improved properly. Vocabulary,
grammar, listening, speaking and writing are important equally for every
students. English learning is a comprehensive process. It is useless to
remember as many words as you can without the essential grammar knowledge. The
mastery of English calls for a lot of hard work and background knowledge about
it, which maybe take a long time to learn and handle.

Pattern of thinking is another crucial part of English learning. Different
cultures make the different ways of thinking. If you understand the thinking
pattern of foreigners, it will be more easier for you to communicate with them.
We also can learn a lot from them about their perspectives by comparing with
our Chinese pattern thinking.

Practice makes prefect. The purpose of English learning is use it as a tool.
The mastery of English opens a window for us to understand this world. We
should read books and watch English videos to understand and practice what we
have learned. Generally, reading a English novel is a nice option for the
beginners. Further more, we can read some professional books and articles about
our majors. It will a great help for our studies.

English learning is a difficult but worthy thing, especially for a PhD
candidate.  If we adopt the proper methods to learn the aspects of English and
use our knowledge in practice, we can express our minds fluently and speak
logically with English gradually. With the mastery of English, you will make
more progress in your major and work.
